Hello everyone! Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai here!
Do you guys know about "bokete"?
Yep! Bokete!
Ah, so you haven't, I see
Nope, it's not really like that
There is an application called bokete
Did you know about it? You do, right?
Alright!
With that said, we'll be making joke retorts (bokete) today!
Using it, we'll test my sense of humor..
The main topic today involves a collaboration between Attack on Titan and bokete..
And I'll be doing exactly that
How do I describe this?
Since it's a collaboration, it's a little like this...
There are many things we can make a joking retort to..
So, we'll choose a few of them...
And make it into a calendar!
I'll use the retorts I make within a calendar!
I know you want it, right?
Well, even though I can't have one myself...
But, but, but...
I'll be happy as long as my jokes reach everyone of you!
I hope you keep using them too, alright?
So without further ado, let's get right into it!
Oooh, it seems like we have a lot here...
This is surprisingly harder than I thought..
Ah, I thought of one!
He's not wearing it, is he?
I can retort to this one...
I'm done
I think I'm going to leak...
It's just perfect, isn't it?
Well, we can definitely use this
By the way, what do other people write about this one?
W-why am I the only one to pull it tight like that? I'm the colossal titan, you know?
Ah, I get it now
The joke got laid over
So that's it. I wonder what I should do...
Ah, I thought of one!
"Just shut up already! Go ahead and put all your bets on me!"
So he said something cool..
And after that, he died a sudden death from playing pachinko..
This is an awesome one! So here it is!
It was a great life...
Suspected to be married!
I'm not getting married, so don't worry, alright?
Ah, that's just perfect
Ah, I thought of something else again..
Alright, I got it!
Quick, let's go back
Time elapsed since entry to amusement park: 1 minute
What a demon!
Alright, I thought of one!
So it's you again...
He's actually embarrassed but he's trying to hide it, lolololol!
That's just perfect, right?
Well, well, which should I use next? Isn't this worth looking forward to?
Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai?
Not bad at all...
Alright, that's done!
With that, I've shown off my appeal...
Alright, here I come
It's here! This thing is darn hot!
This is super hot!
What do you think, everyone?
Well, but for the last one...
Not just me, but I hope that you all will also go make a retort
Make a retort about my current facial expression and tell me about it in the comments
*mumbling*, urarara...
Well, and that was Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai
See you later!
Remember, make a joke about my expression now. I'll be counting on you
Translated by Ryogawa
Join the Kizuna Ai fan discord to get notified about the subs as soon as they're complete!